google/multi-region/active-active/README.md, before:

# Multi-Region Active-Active Setup for Camunda 8

## Special Case: Dual-Region Active-Active

### Initial Setup

#### Kubernetes Clusters

Edit [region0/Makefile](region0/Makefile) and [region1/Makefile](region1/Makefile)
and adjust `project`, `region`, and `clusterName`.
We recommend to include `region-0` into the `clusterName`
to abstract away from physical region names like `europe-west1-b`.
The physical region name will however be used as a Kubernetes namespace.

```sh
cd region0
make kube
cd ../region1
make kube
cd ..
```

Edit the Python script [setup-zeebe.py](./setup-zeebe.py)
and adjust the lists of `contexts` and `regions`.
To get the names of your kubectl "contexts" for each of your clusters, run:

```sh
kubectl config get-contexts
```

Then run that script to adjust the DNS configuration of both Kubernetes clusters
so that they can resolve each others service names.

```sh
./setup-zeebe.py
```

#### Installing Camunda

Edit [region0/camunda-values.yaml](region0/camunda-values.yaml) and adjust
`ZEEBE_BROKER_CLUSTER_INITIALCONTACTPOINTS` and `elasticsearch.discovery.seed_hosts`

```sh
cd region0
make
cd ../region1
make
```

#### Verification

##### Zeebe

You can check the status of the Zeebe cluster using:

```sh
make zbctl-status
```

The output should look something like this
(Note how brokers alternate between two Kubernetes namespaces
`europe-west4-b` and `europe-west1-b` that represent the physical regions,
in which they are hosted.):

```sh
Cluster size: 8
Partitions count: 8
Replication factor: 4
Gateway version: 8.2.8
Brokers:
  Broker 0 - camunda-zeebe-0.camunda-zeebe.europe-west4-b.svc:26501
    Version: 8.2.8
    Partition 1 : Leader, Healthy
    Partition 6 : Leader, Healthy
    Partition 7 : Leader, Healthy
    Partition 8 : Leader, Healthy
  Broker 1 - camunda-zeebe-0.camunda-zeebe.europe-west1-b.svc:26501
    Version: 8.2.8
    Partition 1 : Follower, Healthy
    Partition 2 : Follower, Healthy
    Partition 7 : Follower, Healthy
    Partition 8 : Follower, Healthy
  Broker 2 - camunda-zeebe-1.camunda-zeebe.europe-west4-b.svc:26501
    Version: 8.2.8
    Partition 1 : Follower, Healthy
    Partition 2 : Leader, Healthy
    Partition 3 : Leader, Healthy
    Partition 8 : Follower, Healthy
  Broker 3 - camunda-zeebe-1.camunda-zeebe.europe-west1-b.svc:26501
    Version: 8.2.8
    Partition 1 : Follower, Healthy
    Partition 2 : Follower, Healthy
    Partition 3 : Follower, Healthy
    Partition 4 : Follower, Healthy
  Broker 4 - camunda-zeebe-2.camunda-zeebe.europe-west4-b.svc:26501
    Version: 8.2.8
    Partition 2 : Follower, Healthy
    Partition 3 : Follower, Healthy
    Partition 4 : Leader, Healthy
    Partition 5 : Leader, Healthy
  Broker 5 - camunda-zeebe-1.camunda-zeebe.europe-west1-b.svc:26501
    Version: 8.2.8
    Partition 3 : Follower, Healthy
    Partition 4 : Follower, Healthy
    Partition 5 : Follower, Healthy
    Partition 6 : Follower, Healthy
  Broker 6 - camunda-zeebe-3.camunda-zeebe.europe-west4-b.svc:26501
    Version: 8.2.8
    Partition 4 : Follower, Healthy
    Partition 5 : Follower, Healthy
    Partition 6 : Follower, Healthy
    Partition 7 : Follower, Healthy
  Broker 7 - camunda-zeebe-3.camunda-zeebe.europe-west1-b.svc:26501
    Version: 8.2.8
    Partition 5 : Follower, Healthy
    Partition 6 : Follower, Healthy
    Partition 7 : Follower, Healthy
    Partition 8 : Follower, Healthy
```

##### Elasticsearch

You can check the status of the Elasticsearch cluster using:

```sh
make elastic-nodes
```

Commit message:

Update readme file and switch back to 2 ES clusters with double exporters

google/multi-region/active-active/README.md, after:

# Multi-Region Active-Active Setup for Camunda 8

## Special Case: Dual-Region Active-Active

### Initial Setup

#### Kubernetes Clusters

Edit [region0/Makefile](region0/Makefile) and [region1/Makefile](region1/Makefile)
and adjust `project`, `region`, and `clusterName`.
We recommend to include `region-0` into the `clusterName`
to abstract away from physical region names like `europe-west1-b`.
The physical region name will however be used as a Kubernetes namespace.

```sh
cd region0
make kube
cd ../region1
make kube
cd ..
```

Edit the Python script [setup-zeebe.py](./setup-zeebe.py)
and adjust the lists of `contexts` and `regions`.
To get the names of your kubectl "contexts" for each of your clusters, run:

```sh
kubectl config get-contexts
```

Then run that script to adjust the DNS configuration of both Kubernetes clusters
so that they can resolve each others service names.

```sh
./setup-zeebe.py
```

#### Installing Camunda

Edit [region0/camunda-values.yaml](region0/camunda-values.yaml) and adjust
`ZEEBE_BROKER_CLUSTER_INITIALCONTACTPOINTS` and `elasticsearch.discovery.seed_hosts`

```sh
cd region0
make
cd ../region1
make
```

#### Verification

##### Zeebe

You can check the status of the Zeebe cluster using:

```sh
make zbctl-status
```

The output should look something like this
(Note how brokers alternate between two Kubernetes namespaces
`europe-west4-b` and `europe-west1-b` that represent the physical regions,
in which they are hosted.):

```sh
Cluster size: 8
Partitions count: 8
Replication factor: 4
Gateway version: 8.2.8
Brokers:
  Broker 0 - camunda-zeebe-0.camunda-zeebe.europe-west4-b.svc:26501
    Version: 8.2.8
    Partition 1 : Leader, Healthy
    Partition 6 : Leader, Healthy
    Partition 7 : Leader, Healthy
    Partition 8 : Leader, Healthy
  Broker 1 - camunda-zeebe-0.camunda-zeebe.europe-west1-b.svc:26501
    Version: 8.2.8
    Partition 1 : Follower, Healthy
    Partition 2 : Follower, Healthy
    Partition 7 : Follower, Healthy
    Partition 8 : Follower, Healthy
  Broker 2 - camunda-zeebe-1.camunda-zeebe.europe-west4-b.svc:26501
    Version: 8.2.8
    Partition 1 : Follower, Healthy
    Partition 2 : Leader, Healthy
    Partition 3 : Leader, Healthy
    Partition 8 : Follower, Healthy
  Broker 3 - camunda-zeebe-1.camunda-zeebe.europe-west1-b.svc:26501
    Version: 8.2.8
    Partition 1 : Follower, Healthy
    Partition 2 : Follower, Healthy
    Partition 3 : Follower, Healthy
    Partition 4 : Follower, Healthy
  Broker 4 - camunda-zeebe-2.camunda-zeebe.europe-west4-b.svc:26501
    Version: 8.2.8
    Partition 2 : Follower, Healthy
    Partition 3 : Follower, Healthy
    Partition 4 : Leader, Healthy
    Partition 5 : Leader, Healthy
  Broker 5 - camunda-zeebe-1.camunda-zeebe.europe-west1-b.svc:26501
    Version: 8.2.8
    Partition 3 : Follower, Healthy
    Partition 4 : Follower, Healthy
    Partition 5 : Follower, Healthy
    Partition 6 : Follower, Healthy
  Broker 6 - camunda-zeebe-3.camunda-zeebe.europe-west4-b.svc:26501
    Version: 8.2.8
    Partition 4 : Follower, Healthy
    Partition 5 : Follower, Healthy
    Partition 6 : Follower, Healthy
    Partition 7 : Follower, Healthy
  Broker 7 - camunda-zeebe-3.camunda-zeebe.europe-west1-b.svc:26501
    Version: 8.2.8
    Partition 5 : Follower, Healthy
    Partition 6 : Follower, Healthy
    Partition 7 : Follower, Healthy
    Partition 8 : Follower, Healthy
```

##### Elasticsearch

Multiple options exist for Elasticsearch.
1st option (DSICARDED): Run a stretched ES cluster on both region. This approach is not supported by ES : https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/current/high-availability-cluster-design-large-clusters.html#high-availability-cluster-design-two-zones
2nd option : Running to instances of ES in region0 and 1. Having 2 exporters that target the 2 ES clusters. In case of disaster, restoring ES state would require a backup of remaining region and restore on disastered region of ES.
3rd option : Run a single instance of ES in region0 and replicate it with Cross Cluster Replication to region1. In case of loosing region0, we would need to activate region1. To avoid changing ES endpoints, a LB would be necessary

You can check the status of the Elasticsearch cluster using:

```sh
make elastic-nodes
```
