metrics/README.md, before:

# Camunda 8 Helm Profile: Metrics

This folder contains a [Makefile](Makefile) that can be used to install and configure Prometheus and Grafana into an existing Kubernetes Cluster. (if you don't have one yet, see [Cloud-platform-specific Profiles](https://github.com/camunda-community-hub/camunda-8-helm-profiles/blob/master/README.md#cloud-platform-specific-profiles)).

## Install

Make sure you meet [these prerequisites](https://github.com/camunda-community-hub/camunda-8-helm-profiles/blob/master/README.md#prerequisites).

Open a terminal, and run:

```sh
make
```

If `make` is correctly configured, you should also get tab completion for all available make targets.

## Uninstall
```sh
make clean
```


7. By default, Prometheus metrics and a Grafana Dashboard are also installed and configured. You can access this by running the following:

```shell
kubectl get service metrics-grafana-loadbalancer --namespace default
```

Copy the `EXTERNAL-IP` to access the Grafana Dashboard Web UI. The username and password can be found inside `./metrics/grafana-secret.yaml`

Commit message:

Small update to `metrics` README

metrics/README.md, after:

# Camunda 8 Helm Profile: Metrics

This folder contains a [Makefile](Makefile) that can be used to install and configure Prometheus and Grafana into an existing Kubernetes Cluster. 

If you don't have a Kubernetes Cluster yet, see the main [README](../README.md) for details on how to create a cluster on the popular cloud providers.

## Install

Make sure you meet [these prerequisites](https://github.com/camunda-community-hub/camunda-8-helm-profiles/blob/master/README.md#prerequisites).

Optionally edit [grafana-secret.yml](grafana-secret.yml) and update the `admin-user` and `admin-password` if needed. 

Open a terminal, and run:

```sh
make
```

If `make` is correctly configured, you should also get tab completion for all available make targets.

## Uninstall
```sh
make clean
```
# Grafana URL

After a succesful install, the following command can be used to see the Grafana Service: 

```shell
kubectl get service metrics-grafana-loadbalancer --namespace default
```

Copy the `EXTERNAL-IP` to access the Grafana Dashboard Web UI. The username and password can be found inside [grafana-secret.yml](grafana-secret.yml)
